so this is a pretty exciting day for our
new little batch of chicks and turkey
poults we've had them in this chicken
tractor and we've been moving it about
once or twice a week but they're really
outgrowing it and we were having to move
it like every other day um so we thought
it was time to open up the door and
hopefully our cat will decide not to eat
them it's the only thing we're really
worried about so this is our great
chicken tractor we take these wheels
won't ready to move it and when you put
it down there this is the open part got
their feed water and then this is pretty
cool
to get them out on pasture early when
they're little we put in we put two heat
lights in there so we brought them out
here really early I think they were
about a week old and they've done really
good too a lot better to have them on
grass and pasture and having them locked
up somewhere they like it a lot better
anyway seems like they really enjoying
that new freedom that's a turkey we've
got um Old English game chicks that were
trying a new variety because they're
supposed to be able to forage for like a
hundred percent of their feed and then
we got some more Narragansett turkeys
because I love them and I didn't know if
my big cookies were going to hatch out
enough babies so I got some more turkeys
for insurance and then we've got door
Kings which are those silver colored
ones silver gray door Kings they're an
old variety from the Roman time
supposedly they're supposed to be known
for their really good meat so we're
going to try to use them as a meat bird
and save quite a few for breeding
hopefully it'll work
anyway this is the door the back door
and we opened it up and they're really
liking the freedom there's a water
bucket that's pretty cool because you
can put it's a five gallon water bucket
so we only have to fill that maybe once
every week or every two weeks that's a
little visit that's a holding glish game
looks like at the head oh yeah we also
trying another variety of turkeys and I
am not very impressed with them at all
it's on blue slate turkeys I don't like
the color of the babies because they're
like white grey they'd be a big target
for predators because they don't blend
in at all to our landscape here in Texas
and also they're not very Hardy I think
we've lost about half of the ones that
that we bought not very impressed at all
with them they'll probably all end up in
the freezer
there's our Tommy it should be
interesting to see what he does around
these chicks but the biggest predator is
the cat hopefully he won't do anything
what looks like Andrews right these guys
like being out of the tractor sure happy
hey Andrew how old do you think these
guys are today about two months old yeah
yeah these door things are pretty
different looking for many chickens
we've ever had
we've got an extra toe and their legs
are a lot shorter but they're real
pretty they blend in really well to the
landscape which is always a good thing
these guys are going crazy they love it
out here
you know what that Narragansett Turkey
it looks a lot different from the
colorings different from our other chick
turkeys that we raise here should be
interesting to see what they look like
we got this batch from it's half ideal
and 1/2 Murray McMurray these guys are
staying in a group almost and the goal
is to save a bunch for breeding and then
we won't have to go back to the poultry
house and then we'll select our
strongest chickens for a breeding stock
and then hopefully we'll have a really
good strong flock going on here
that one's a turkey on the left that's
an old English game with the orange neck
blue slate - uh see that's like white
colored and then the rest back there are
silver grade or Kings